                           NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE
                            [draft version 0.95]

                              ----------------

     Initial Developer: NETSCAPE COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION
     Original Code: Mozilla Communicator client code, released March 31,
     1998

1. Definitions.

     1.1. ``Original Code'' means Source Code of the version of the computer
     software program identified above.

     1.2. ``Modifications'' means any addition to or deletion from the
     substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous
     Modifications. When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a
     Modification is:

          A. Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file
          containing Original Code or previous Modifications.

          B. Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code
          or previous Modifications.

     1.3. ``Covered Code'' means the Original Code or Modifications or the
     combination of the Original Code and Modifications.

     1.4. ``Initial Developer'' means the individual or entity identified
     above as the Initial Developer.

     1.5. ``Contributor'' means each entity that creates or contributes to
     the creation of Modifications.

     1.6 ``Contributor Version'' means the combination of Original Code and
     prior Modifications used by a Contributor, plus the Modifications made
     by that particular Contributor.

     1.7. ``License'' means this document.

     1.8. ``Source Code'' means the preferred form of the Covered Code for
     making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any
     associated interface definition files, scripts used to control
     compilation and installation of an Executable, or a list of source code
     differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another
     well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice.

     1.9. ``You'' means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights
     under, and complying with the terms of this License or a future version
     of this License issued under Section 6. For legal entities, ``You''
     includes affiliates of which fifty percent (50%) or more of the
     outstanding shares or beneficial ownership are owned by You, or share
     common ownership with you.

     1.10. ``Larger Work'' means a work which combines Covered Code or
     portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.

     1.11 ``Executable'' means Covered Work in any form other than Source
     Code.

     1.12 ``Electronic Distribution Mechanism'' means a mechanism generally
     accepted in the software development community for the electronic
     transfer of data.

2. Source Code License.

     2.1. The Initial Developer Grant.
     The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free,
     non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property
     claims, to:

          (a) use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and
          distribute the Original Code with or without Modifications, or as
          part of a Larger Work; and

          (b) under by patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by
          Initial Developer, to make, have made, use and sell the Original
          Code, but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably
          necessary to enable You to use the Original Code on a stand-alone
          basis.

     2.2 Contributor Grant.
     Each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free
     non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property
     claims, to:

          (a) reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute
          the Modifications created by such Contributor either on an
          unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code or as
          part of a Larger Work; and

          (b) under by patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by
          Contributor, to make, have made, use and sell the Contributor
          Version, but solely to the extent that any such patent is
          reasonably necessary to enable You to use the Contributor Version
          on a stand-alone basis.

3. Distribution Obligations.

     3.1. Application of License.
     The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are
     governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation
     Section 2.2. The Source Code version of Covered Code may be distributed
     only under the terms of this License or a future version of this
     License released under Section 6, and You must include a copy of this
     License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute. You may not
     offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or
     restricts this License or the recipients' rights hereunder. However,
     You may include an additional document offering the additional rights
     described in Section 3.5.

     3.2. Availability of Source Code.
     Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be
     made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License
     either on the same media as the Executable version or via an accepted
     Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an
     Executable version available; and if made available via Electronic
     Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for at least twelve (12)
     months after the date it initially became available, or at least six
     (6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification
     has been made available to such recipients. You are responsible for
     ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the
     Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party.

     3.3. Description of Modifications.
     You must cause each Covered Code to which you contribute to contain a
     file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and
     the date of any change. You must include, in (a) the Source Code, and
     (b) in any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in
     which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code, a
     prominent statement that the Modification is derived, directly or
     indirectly, from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and
     including the name of the Initial Developer.

     3.4. Intellectual Property Matters

          (a) Third Party Claims.
          You will not include functionality or code in any Covered Code
          unless you have a good faith belief that such functionality or
          code does not infringe any third party rights, and shall take
          appropriate actions to remedy the situation if that good-faith
          believe subsequently changes.

          If You have knowledge that a party claims an intellectual property
          right in particular functionality or code (or its use under this
          License), you must include a file with the source code
          distribution titled ``LEGAL'' which describes the claim and the
          party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will
          know whom to contact.

          If you obtain such knowledge after You make Your Modification
          available as described in Section 3.2, You shall promptly modify
          the LEGAL file in all copies. You make available thereafter and
          shall take other steps (such as notifying appropriate mailing
          lists or newsgroups) reasonably calculated to inform someone
          receiving the Covered Work that new knowledge has been obtained.

          (b) Contributor APIs.
          If Your Modification is an application programming interface and
          You own or control patents which are reasonably necessary to
          implement that API, you must also include this information in the
          LEGAL file.

     3.5. Required Notices.
     You must duplicate the notice in Attachment A in the Source Code, and
     this License in any documentation for the Source Code, where You
     describe recipients' rights relating to Covered Code. You may choose to
     offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or
     liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code.
     However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of
     the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You must make it absolutely
     clear than any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability
     obligation is offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify
     the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred
     by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty,
     support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.

     3.6. Distribution of Executable Versions.
     You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the
     requirements of Section 3 have been met for that Covered Code, and if
     You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the
     Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a
     description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of
     Section 3.2. The notice must be conspicuously included in the
     documentation and Executable versions, and in each location in which
     You describe recipients' rights relating to the Covered Code.

     You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code under a
     license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from this
     License, provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this
     License and that the license for the Executable version does not
     attempt to limit or alter the recipients rights in the Source Code
     version from the rights set forth in this License. If You distribute
     the Executable version under a different license You must make it
     absolutely clear than any terms which differ from this License are
     offered by You alone, not by the Initial Developer or any Contributor.
     You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every
     Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such
     Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer.

     3.7. Larger Works.
     You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code
     not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger
     Work as a single product. In such a case, You must make sure the
     requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code.

4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation.

     If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this
     License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute
     or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License
     to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and
     the code they affect. Such description must be included in the LEGAL
     file described in Section 3.4 and must be included with all
     distributions of the Source Code. Except to the extent prohibited by
     statute or regulation, such description must be sufficiently detailed
     for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it.

5. Application of this License.

     This License applies to code to which the creator has attached the
     notice in Attachment A, and to Covered Works created from that code.

6. Versions of the License.

     6.1 New Versions.
     Netscape Communications Corporation may publish revised and/or new
     versions of the License from time to time. Each version will be given a
     distinguishing version number.

     6.2 Effect of New Versions.
     Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the
     License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that
     version. You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms
     of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape. No one
     other than Netscape has the right to modify the terms applicable to
     Covered Code created under this License.

     6.3 Derivative Works.
     If you modify this License in (which you may only do in order to apply
     it to code which is not already a Covered Work governed by this
     License), you must (a) rename Your license so that the phrases
     ``Mozilla'' or ``MPL'' do not appear anywhere in your license and (b)
     otherwise make it clear that your version of the license contains terms
     which differ from the Mozilla Public License. These rights are in
     addition to any other rights you may have as the copyright holder.
     Filling in the name of the Initial Developer and Original Code in
     Attachment A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of
     this License.

7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.

     THE COVERED WORKS ARE PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN ``AS IS''
     BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED,
     INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED WORKS ARE
     FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
     NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF
     THE COVERED WORKS IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED WORK PROVE DEFECTIVE
     IN ANY RESPECT, YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER
     CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR
     CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART
     OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY COVERED WORK IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER
     EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.

8. TERMINATION.

     This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate
     automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure
     such breach within 30 days. All sublicenses to the Covered Code which
     are properly granted shall survive any termination of this License.
     Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the
     termination of this License shall survive.

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

     UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT
     (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL THE INITIAL
     DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF A COVERED WORK,
     OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER
     PERSON FOR ANY INULECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
     OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
     GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND
     ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE
     BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF
     LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY
     RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW
     PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
     EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THAT
     EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

10. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.

     Each Covered Code is a ``commercial item,'' as that term is defined in
     48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of ``commercial computer
     software'' and ``commercial computer software documentation,'' as such
     terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48
     C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995),
     all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those
     rights set forth herein.

11. MISCELLANEOUS.

     This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject
     matter hereof and may be amended only by a writing executed by both
     parties. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable,
     such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make
     it enforceable. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, all disputes
     relating to this License (excepting any dispute relating to
     intellectual property rights) shall be subject to final and binding
     arbitration, with the losing party paying all costs of arbitration.
     This License shall be governed by California law, excluding conflict of
     law provisions (except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides
     otherwise). The application of the United Nations Convention on
     Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.

12. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.

     Except in cases where a Contributor has failed to comply with Section
     3.4, You are responsible for damages arising out of your making, using,
     and distributing Covered Works, on a pro rata basis in proportion to
     the amount of copies of Covered Works You used or distributed compared
     to the total amount of copies distributed, and in proportion to the
     profitability of Your distribution compared to overall profits made by
     distribution of Covered Works.

                              ----------------

APPENDIX A.
Additional Terms applicable to the Netscape Public License

     I. Effect.
     These additional terms described in this Netscape Public License --
     Appendix A shall apply to the Mozilla Communicator client code and to
     all Covered Works resulting from such code.

     II. ``Netscape's Branded Code'' means Covered Netscape distributes
     and/or permits others to distribute under one or more trademark(s)
     which are controlled by the Netscape but which are not licensed for use
     under this License.

     III. Netscape and logo.
     This License does not grant any rights to use the trademark
     ``Netscape'', the Netscape ``N and horizon'' logo or the Netscape
     lighthouse logo, even if such marks are included in the Original Code.

     IV. Inability to Comply Due to Contractual Obligation.
     Prior to licensing the Original Code under this License, Netscape has
     licensed third party code for use in Netscape's Branded Code. To the
     extent that Netscape is limited contractually from making such third
     party code available under this License, Netscape may choose to
     reintegrate such code into Covered Code without being required to
     distribute such code in Source Code form, even if such code would
     otherwise be considered ``Modifications'' under this License.

     V. Use of Modifications and Covered Code by Initial Developer.

          V.1. In General.
          The obligations of Section 3 apply to Netscape, except to the
          extent specified in this Attachment A, Section V.2 and V.3.

          V.2. Other Products.
          Netscape may include Covered Code in products other than the
          Netscape's Branded Code which are released by Netscape during the
          two (2) years following the release date of the Original Code,
          without such additional products becoming subject to the terms of
          this License, and may license such additional products on
          different terms from those contained in this License.

          V.3. Alternative Licensing.
          Netscape may license the Source Code of Netscape's Branded Code,
          including Modifications incorporated therein, without such
          additional products becoming subject to the terms of this License,
          and may license such additional products on different terms from
          those contained in this License.

     VI. Arbitration and Litigation.
     Any arbitration arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be
     held in Santa Clara County, California, under the auspices of
     JAMS/EndDispute. Any litigation arising out of or relating to this
     Agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Federal
     District

                              ----------------

ATTACHMENT A.

     ``The contents of this file are subject to the Netscape Public License
     Version 1.0 (the "NPL"); you may not use this file except in compliance
     with the NPL. You may obtain a copy of the NPL at
     http://www.mozilla.org/NPL/

     Software distributed under the NPL is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
     WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the NPL
     for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the
     NPL.

     The Initial Developer of this code under the NPL is Netscape
     Communications Corporation. Portions created by Netscape are Copyright
     (C) 1998 Netscape Communications Corporation. All Rights Reserved.''
